# TecnologiaESociedade

<div style="margin:20px; margin-top:5px"> <form> <div class="smallfont" style="margin-bottom:2px"><b>SPOTLIGHT SEGMENT OF THE MONTH</b> <input type="button" value="Show" style="width:45px;font-size:10px;margin:0px;padding:0px;" onClick="javascript:if (this.parentNode.parentNode.getElementsByTagName('div')[1].getElementsByTagName('div')[0].style.display != '') { this.parentNode.parentNode.getElementsByTagName('div')[1].getElementsByTagName('div')[0].style.display = ''; this.innerText = ''; this.value = 'Hide'; } else { this.parentNode.parentNode.getElementsByTagName('div')[1].getElementsByTagName('div')[0].style.display = 'none'; this.innerText = ''; this.value = 'Show'; }"> </div> <div class="alt2" style="margin: 0px; padding: 6px; border: 1px inset;"> <div style="display: none;"> The McMahons make their way to the ring, the very special occasion of the three being together being brought by one simple person. Vince holds a contract in his hands, and Stephanie screams demands for AJ Lee to make her way to the ring and be handed her not so best wishes for future endeavors. This brings an extensive security line holding AJ, her head down from shame, perhaps. As she is escorted to the ring, Stephanie berates her for everything she's done to her, the company and her family lately, her actions having plenty of consequences, and this will be the harshest of them. AJ, meanwhile, remains with her head down all throughout the spiel, bringing the ire of Stephanie, who slaps her head off, revealing a wig! To the shock of everyone, that was no AJ Lee, it was a lookalike wearing a wig! But from behind comes the real AJ Lee, who strikes Mr. McMahon square in the back of the head with the heavy camera she hijacked last night at Night of Champions! She retrieves her contract from his hand and hightails out of the scene through the crowd, as Stephanie and Triple H are in nothing but shock, Vince being limp and requiring EMTs to run to the ring and carry him out on a stretcher. After much crying, Stephanie screams for security and guards to ''ARREST HER! BEAT HER DOWN! DO WHATEVER IT TAKES!'' among other things, but it is too late, as AJ has already escaped the scene. This shocking turn of events ends this edition of Raw. </div> </div> </form> </div>
